import time, os

print("""The Wayne Manor Secret
A man in a dark cloth, standing in a dark alley tells you to come over. You try to ignore him and 
continue to walk, but then he says "Do you know the Wayne Manor Secret?" having stopped in your 
tracks. Your curiosity gets the better of you and you walk back to the man. Asking what he means, 
he begins to tell you about the Wayne Manor Casino. You don't really believe him and decide to 
check the Wayne Manor yourself to see if what he said was right.

A text-based RPG experience for a single player written in Python. This is done by a capstone 
coding and game design experience based on Johann Four's Five-Room-Dungeon design model. This 
counts as a three hours of Work-Based learning.

Learn More Here https://www.roleplayingtips.com/5-room-dungeons/""")

time.sleep(2)
os.system("cls")

print("""Imagine your character
To begin let's start with your identity:

Consider these traits for your character:

What's the character name?

What pronoun will be used?

How old is your character?""")

time.sleep(2)
os.system("cls")

print("""Welcome to the Wiki.

Strength Strength measures your character's physical power. Strength is important if your 
character plans to engage in hand-to-hand combat. Your Strength modifier gets added to melee 
damage rolls and determines how much your character can carry.

Dexterity Dexterity measures your character's agility, balance, and reflexes. Dexterity is 
important if your character plans to make attacks with ranged weapons or use stealth to surprise 
foes.

Constitution Constitution measures your character's health and stamina. Constitution is important 
for all characters, especially those who fight in close range.

Intelligence Intelligence measures how well your character can learn and reason. A high 
Intelligence allows your character to analyze situations and understand patterns, and it means 
they can become trained in additional skills and might be able to master additional languages.

Wisdom Wisdom measures your character's common sense, awareness, and intuition. High Wisdom helps 
your character detect hidden things and resist mental effects.

Charisma Charisma measures your character's personal magnetism and strength of personality. A 
high Charisma modifier helps you build relationships and influence the thoughts and moods of 
others with social skills.""")

time.sleep(4)
os.system("cls")

print("""Choose a Ancestries

Grippli - Gripplis are shy and cautious people who generally seek to avoid being drawn into the 
complicated and dangerous affairs of others. Despite their outlook and small stature, gripplis 
often take bold and noble action when the situation demands it. Reclusive and canny, gripplis 
are treetop survivalists who harvest their homes' bounty and defend themselves against terrible 
threats. Their reliance on cunning and simple tools has led to gripplis being mischaracterized 
as primitive, yet this overlooks their shaping of the land with hidden orchards and camouflaged 
causeways that allow gripplis to live in prosperous peace. Gripplis are most likely to emerge 
from their forest homes to trade, explore, and combat threats that would despoil the world.

Health - 6 Speed - 25 +1 free boost +1 Dexterity boost +1 Wisdom boost -1 Strength Penalty

Puppet master - has the ability to make and bring to life puppets but he can only bring them to 
life if they use the spell

Health - 8 Speed - 25 2x free boosts

Vishkany - Vishkanyas are ophidian humanoids who carry potent venom within their blood and saliva.
Largely misunderstood due to old tales of their toxicity and natural finesse, vishkanyas work to 
grow into more than just what stories paint them to be. The true nature of vishkanyas' origin is 
a matter of debate. Some vishkanyas believe they are rejected spawn of Ravithra, which explains 
the animosity between vishkanyas and nagas. Others believe themselves the stolen offspring of a 
forgotten progenitor whose name was excised from history. Regardless, one thing is quite clear: 
vishkanyas are survivors. Throughout history, fear of their deadly abilities forced vishkanyas 
to experience subjugation, exploitation, and ostracizing. Yet through it all, they endured. Now 
free of chains to bind them, vishkanyas live in close-knit groups, and use their love of 
storytelling and the arts to keep a detailed history of their people while they determine how 
best to proceed in a world ripe with opportunity.

Health - 8 Speed - 25 +1 Dexterity boost +1 Free boost

Human - As unpredictable and varied as any, humans have exceptional drive and the capacity to 
endure and expand. Though many civilizations thrived before humanity rose to prominence, humans 
have built some of the greatest and the most terrible societies throughout the course of history, 
and today they are the most populous people in the realms.

Health - 8 Speed - 25 2x free boosts""")

time.sleep(6)
os.system("cls")

print("""Choose a Background

Bandit - Your past includes no small amount of rural banditry, robbing travelers on the road and 
scraping by. Whether your robbery was sanctioned by a local noble or you did so of your own 
accord, you eventually got caught up in the adventuring life. Now, adventure is your stock and 
trade, and years of camping and skirmishing have only helped.

Choose two attribute boosts. One must be to Dexterity or Charisma, and one is a free attribute 
boost.

Gambler - The thrill of the win drew you into games of chance. This might have been a lucrative 
sideline that paled in comparison to the real risks of adventuring, or you might have fallen on 
hard times due to your gambling and pursued adventuring as a way out of a spiral.

Choose two attribute boosts. One must be to Dexterity or Charisma, and one is a free attribute 
boost.

Junk Collector - You live by the adage that one person's trash is another's treasure. Whether
by sifting through scrap heaps or digging up old battlefields, you remain on the lookout for 
lost or discarded objects that you might be able to turn into something useful. More often than 
not, what you find is just junk... but you're convinced that one of these days, you're going to 
hit the jackpot. You've even taken up adventuring as a means to supercharge your access to all 
sorts of junk, gear, and loot.

Choose two attribute boosts. One must be to Dexterity or Intelligence, and one is a free 
attribute boost.""")

time.sleep(5)
os.system("cls")

print("""Classes

Investigator - You seek to uncover the truth, doggedly pursuing leads to reveal the plots of 
devious villains, discover ancient secrets, or unravel other mysteries. Your analytical mind 
quickly formulates solutions to complicated problems and your honed senses identify even the 
most obscure clues. Wielding knowledge as a weapon, you study the creatures and dangers you 
encounter to exploit their weaknesses.

Boost to Intelligence

Sorcerer - You didn’t choose to become a spellcaster—you were born one. There’s magic in your 
blood, whether a divinity touched one of your ancestors, a forebear communed with a primal 
creature, or a powerful occult ritual influenced your line. Self-reflection and study allow you 
to refine your inherent magical skills and unlock new, more powerful abilities. The power in your 
blood carries a risk, however, and you constantly face the choice of whether you’ll rise to 
become a master spellcaster or fall into destruction.

air solidification into objects as big as a shield and as small as an atom

can cast various spells(ex. Lightning(3 turn stun shot 10 turn cooldown), fireball(one per combo))

animal companion of players choosing

Boost to Charisma

Rogue - You are skilled and opportunistic. Using your sharp wits and quick reactions, you take 
advantage of your opponents’ missteps and strike where it hurts most. You play a dangerous game, 
seeking thrills and testing your skills, and likely don’t care much for any laws that happen to 
get in your way. While the path of every rogue is unique and riddled with danger, the one thing 
you all share in common is the breadth and depth of your skills.

Boost to Dexterity

Fighter - Fighting for honor, greed, loyalty, or simply the thrill of battle, you are an 
undisputed master of weaponry and combat techniques. You combine your actions through clever 
combinations of opening moves, finishing strikes, and counterattacks whenever your foes are 
unwise enough to drop their guard. Whether you are a knight, mercenary, sharpshooter, or blade 
master, you have honed your martial skills into an art form and perform devastating critical 
attacks on your enemies.

Boost to Strength""")

time.sleep(6)
